Add initial macOS content (#5334)
ComplianceAsCode/content: CMakeLists.txt

option(SSG_PRODUCT_FIREFOX "If enabled, the Firefox SCAP content will be built" ${SSG_PRODUCT_DEFAULT})
option(SSG_PRODUCT_FUSE6 "If enabled, the JBoss Fuse6 SCAP content will be built" ${SSG_PRODUCT_DEFAULT})
option(SSG_PRODUCT_JRE "If enabled, the JRE SCAP content will be built" ${SSG_PRODUCT_DEFAULT})

> option(SSG_PRODUCT_MACOS1015 "If enabled, the JRE SCAP content will be built" ${SSG_PRODUCT_DEFAULT})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(SSG_PRODUCT_MACOS1015 "If enabled, the Mac OSX SCAP content will be built" ${SSG_PRODUCT_DEFAULT})
```

Author: Updated to `Apple macOS 10.15`
